Update docs for 'use as home share' setting. (#1699)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

   |                              |               |          | share. The share must be remounted for any changes to this value to take effect.                              |
   |                              |               |          |                                                                                                               |
   +------------------------------+---------------+----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Use as home share            | checkbox      |          | Set to allow the share to host user home directories. Each user is given a personal home direcotry when       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Use as home share            | checkbox      |          | Allows the share to host user home directories. Each user is given a personal home directory when       |
```
